hello sorry I couldn't be there today
but I'm going to present by the magic of
the Internet
my name is Andrew nice to meet you I'm a
package manager of researcher I've been
working with the ipfs team for a few
months
specifically on working out how my PFS
can help with making package management
better today I'm going to talk about
decentralized package management using
IP FS and this is a hard problem there
are a number of difficult parts involved
in doing decentralized package manager
today I'm going to talk about
decentralized dependency resolution this
basically stems from some research that
I did into looking at how the challenges
involved in decentralized publishing
which to kill a long story short shakes
out as when publishing a package in a
decentralized system you need to be
publishing all of the dependencies of
that package alongside it this means
you'll be wrapping up everything and
publishing it all at once
which avoids availability issues from
other registries disappearing being
deleted or potentially even just appear
going offline that you would need to be
able to resolve your dependencies whilst
installing this is nicely wrapped up in
the idea of a micro registry a little
bundle of all of the dependencies and
the dependency metadata that you'd need
to be able to just install a single
package and you can make many of these
and publish them straight to your IP FS
and actually take control of how you
work with packages rather than relying
on a centralized registry I've made a
handy little command-line tool that
makes it really easy
this one works for NPM but it should
work in a similar fashion for other
package managers too so let's check it
out I've got a
package here in my current directory and
it's got some dependencies and I can
publish this directly to ipfs using my
published command what this is doing is
resolving the transitive dependency tree
of that library and then it adds it to
ipfs as a single directory which you can
then view on the gateway you can see
here we have the package we just
published its metadata and all of its
dependencies let's bump that version and
release a new version of this same
library 1.5 again we resolve all the
transit dependencies and this outputs a
new history but what if we wanted to do
the add the previous registry what if we
wanted to add the new package to the
previous registry well we can pass the
previous registry cid that basically
errors out because something has gone
horribly wrong let's just try that bond
bot great there we go we can check that
on the Gateway and as you can see we've
got two different versions of the same
package in a single registry with all of
the dependencies for both of them let's
keep going we can also publish something
directly from the NPM registry let's
publish react
so that's published the latest version
of react which is sixteen point eight
point six we can just copy and paste
that run that and we have just installed
react straight from ipfs completely
self-service we can also publish older
versions of react maybe react fifteen
there we go just install that from there
and you've got a previous version the
cool thing that you can do then is
actually merge those two registries we
created together to create a single
registry that contains both of those
versions let's check that out on the
Gateway and see what it looks like there
we go we have two different versions of
react with all the dependencies to be
able to install those together and this
is composable so you're able to just
keep composing different micro
registries together creating new
registries as you go and being able to
successfully resolve those dependencies
over IP FS without any centralized
registry required of course it's on
github you can check it out and let me
know how you get on with it have fun at
camp thanks very much